##Javascript

xxx Make popovers higher than tooltips in terms of z ordering

xxx change initial title for 'Query' option

xxx Need to respect max_nodes in the config file when subsetting

xxx Fix click events in plots (doesn't work when over bars)
 xxx   Add gene/samples should be changed to highlight gene and/or add additional sample data--or disable

xxx Fix outside panel click events

xxx Fix popover click events, onclick should remove preceeding popovers

xxx Allow exporting of the entire image

xxx Hide/adjust X axis labels when barplot has > ~100 values, maybe add back in when exported---perhaps the better way is to only add in the names of the requested genes
	Fix exported plot image

xxx Selected patient in initial screen needs to be directly used in the query option unless other available samples are present (12-00073)

xxx Offset of empty panel for siRNA plot needs to reflect history offset

xxx Need to provide the user a way to 'pop' a metanode otherwise they become stumbling blocks.
	---Optionally add in a way to form a metanode

xxx Keep the user from making across panel selections--or ensure that nodes are uniquely defined across all panels.

xxx Be more consistent in the history titles when involving metanodes, e.g. use something like 'sample1...sample2' instead of say Sample (3)--reproduce using 'genes with hits for 12-00145'(panel2)->look for common sirna samples (panel3), then add the 'genes with hits' metanode to the third panel.

xxx Bug-seems like metanode should be formed.  Samples with sirna hits for CSFR1.  Additionally new panel with Genes with Gene score hits from sample 12-00145.  Add Sample(91)->gene score hits.
	--This is due to sirna hits being the query, even though it dominates the two gene meta node for gene score hits.

xxx If a large metanode is ungrouped, the layout freaks out.  Maybe need to make it conditional on the type of graph?--done
	-- Would be nice to constrain labels to be in panel--now done good enough.
	--next portion is to add labels/make labels visible conditional on the number of 		nodes in the panel--no longer necessary. 


xxxTry to make labels more legible under general conditions
	--done as white backgrounds were added to labels

xxx Empty query labels can overlap

xxx Fix 'Export Summary' for Metanodes
	--now supports new style of parameter outputs

xxx Disable mouse-over highlighting for pathway screen

Need to add in spinner to HitWalker2 index page

Large pathways (> 500 nodes) can be displayed, but not very well…
	--could do a custom layout and essentially make it non-interactive in terms of 	node moving.
	--this is doable, not sure though.  Current fix is to only show pathways < 200

Labels can be goofed up if panel is clicked on before simulation is cooled, maybe add a delay to allow cooling?

Stability of clustering needs to be improved.  Ok for panels but maybe need to cool down faster as above.  Maybe not reheat at all for pathway...

Add ability to make a new panel when clicking within svg image

---Make popovers choose left or right depending on position
	---Comment: Not really observed to be a problem if a full window is viewed.

---make legend scroll with user--maybe simply suggest users delete as they go...

---fix clicking of empty query (sirna for Tyro3)->GeneScore Hit--backburner for now



##Django/Python

Ensure consistency of HTML endpoints in the presence of errors

##Neo4j

Need to enforce the selection of genes to only be limited to reference chrs and ensembl only IDs (and no LRGs)

Fix issue with non-inclusion of CD24 because of lack of reference sequence


